MPG REGRESSION
    I used a multiple linear regression model to predict the mpg of MechaCar prototypes using four variables:vehicle length, spoiler angle, vehicle weight, and ground clearance. In order to clean the csv file to perform a linear regression, I used the subset() function in order to drop the AWD column. This column had interval data types, which does not satifsy the requirements to perform a linear regression. Then, I checked the distribution of the mpg data and saw that it was a normal bell curve. Before the linear regression, I wanted to see the Pearson's Correlation coefficients in a correlation matrix.The two variables with the strongest correlations to mpg were vehicle length and ground clearance.
   My null hypothesis was there is no correlation between mpg and any of the other vehicle specifications in the MechCar dataset. Therefore, the hypothesis is there is a correlation between mpg and other vehicle specification, in which the significance level is p=0.05.
    Based on the results from the statistical analysis I performed, I was able to reject the null hypothesis for the variables vehicle length and ground clearance due to their P values. The P value for vehicle length is 3.05e-12 and the P value for ground clearance is 2.13e-08.The slope of the linear model would not be considered to be zero because there was a significant positive correlation between two of the four variables. 
  The R-squared value of 0.7032 suggests that around 70% of predictions of mpg will be correct using this model. Therefore, this linear model of MechCar prototypes can effectively predict mpg of the cars. 

SUSPENSION COIL SUMMARY
  According to the MechaCar design specifications for the suspension coils, the variance must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. In the summary table, I found that the variance was 76.23459, so I am within the variance. The current manufacturing data meets the design specifications. 

SUSPENSION COIL T-TEST
  I conducted a single-sample-T test to compare the mean PSI of my sample data to the given population mean PSI of 1500. The results was p-value=0.5117, which is above the significance level of p=0.05. In conclusion, there is not enough evidence to reject the null hypothesis.

MY STUDY
  If I were to design my own study I would compare the performance of the MechaCar prototype vehicle to other vehicles on the market. Due to the competitive nature of the automobile industry, I would choose to look at cost, fuel efficiency, and size becuse these metrics are most likely to be of interest to a customer.
  I would begin by comparing MechaCar sample to a greater population of cars that are on the market. I would have to collect and clean public data from other car companies, to then perform a single-sample T-test, comparing the mpg of MechaCar models to the mpg of other models.The null hypothesis would be that there is no significant difference between the mpg of MechaCar prototypes and other cars on the market. The hypothesis is there is a significant difference between the mpg of MechaCar prototypes and other cars on the market. If we get statistical significance, we can reject the null hypothesis.